Yes, you can absolutely test this on another laptop or even your smartphone!Because Django runs as a local web server, any device connected to the same Wi-Fi network can access your project, use its webcam, and test the Face ID session.
Follow these simple steps to connect another laptop to your server:
Step 1: Find Your Computer's Local IP AddressOn your main developer laptop (where the project files live):
Open a new Command Prompt terminal window.Type ipconfig and press Enter.Look for IPv4 Address under your active Wi-Fi adapter. It will look like 192.168.X.X (for example, 192.168.1.15). Write this address down.Step 
2: Start Django to Accept External ConnectionsBy default, runserver only listens to your own laptop. 
You must tell it to listen to your entire network.Stop your server if it is running (Ctrl + C).
Restart it by running this exact command (replace 192.168.X.X with your actual IPv4 address)
:bashpython manage.py runserver 0.0.0.0:8000
Use code with caution.(Using 0.0.0.0 tells Django to broadcast across your local Wi-Fi router network).
Step 3: Add Your IP to ALLOWED_HOSTSDjango will block external laptops unless you explicitly 
allow them.Open your main project settings file: lasop_project/core/settings.py.Find the 
ALLOWED_HOSTS configuration line and add your IP address and localhost to the list like this:
pythonALLOWED_HOSTS = ['127.0.0.1', 'localhost', '192.168.X.X']
Use code with caution.(Make sure to put your exact IPv4 address inside the quotes).Save the file.Step 
4: Open the Site on the Other LaptopEnsure the second laptop is connected to the exact same Wi-Fi network.
Open the web browser on that second laptop.Type your main computer's IP address 
and port into the URL bar:👉 http://192.168.X.X:8000/portal/login/⚠️ Critical Security Note for Cameras (HTTPS)
Modern browsers like Chrome and Edge strictly block webcams on any network IP address unless 
the connection is secure (https://). They only make an exception for localhost.
If you see a permission error on the second laptop because of the lack of HTTPS, 
you have two options to test it:Use Firefox: 
Firefox often allows webcam testing on local IP addresses (http://192.168.x.x) without forcing HTTPS, 
making it perfect for development networks.Alternative Test: 
If you just want to verify that the backend functions properly without worrying about network security, 
you can mock a fake camera payload right from your developer laptop.
Let me know if you would rather bypass the physical webcam lock on your developer machine using a static testing image instead!